# 📢 Hackathon Submission Guidelines
## **Submission Rules**

Participants must **edit the two provided files** located at this directory, plus create a **notebook/script** for your code development:

```yaml
submission/submission.txt
submission/prompt.txt
submission/your-code
```

Replace the content of **submission.txt** with the output generated by your model or API in response to the challenge prompt.
This file is already located in the GitHub repository, you just have to add your output to the file. 

**Do not rename, move or delete the file.**

## **What to Include in `submission.txt`**

The `submission.txt` file must contain **only the output generated by your model/API** in response to the challenge prompt, as it would be returned by your system.  
This is the content that will be directly evaluated by the judges.

⚠️ Do **not** include:

- Team name
- Project title
- GitHub links
- Team members
- Any explanation or extra formatting

**In addition to submission.txt, you must also edit a file named:**

```yaml
submission/prompt.txt
```

## **What to Include in `prompt.txt`**

This file should contain **the exact prompt** you used to generate the output in **submission.txt**.

## **Include Your Development Code**

Please also include the **code or notebook** you used to develop your solution (e.g., .py, .ipynb files).
This helps us better understand your approach and will also be included in evaluation.

*Make sure these files are committed to your branch before submitting your pull request.*

##  **🚀 How to Submit**

After you have edited both submission.txt and prompt.txt, and replaced their contents with your final generated output and the exact prompt used to produce it:

**1. Check your current branch:**
```yaml
git branch
```
Confirm that you are not on main, but on your previously created branch
(e.g.,  my-feature-branch). If needed, switch with: 
```yaml
git checkout  my-feature-branch
```
**2. Check the file status:**
```yaml
git status
```
Confirm that **submission.txt** and **prompt.txt** and your **code/notebook files** appear as "modified" or "new file" under "Changes not staged for commit".

**3. Stage and commit your changes:**

Add your current changes:
```yaml
git add submission/submission.txt submission/prompt.txt  submission/code_or_notebook
```

You can also commit all of your current changes by running the command:

```yaml
git add . 
```

Commit your current changes:

```yaml
git commit -m "Final submission -Team Name-"
```

**5. Push your branch to GitHub:**

```yaml
git push origin  my-feature-branch
```

**6. Open a Pull Request**

Go to GitHub and open a Pull Request from your branch **submission-final → main.**

_Once you’ve submitted the prompt, the generated output, and the development code or notebook, our team will evaluate your submission according to predefined criteria._

